an average day for me or an average week for me being the active duty
military. Let's say your unemployment. Um, of course. You stand your
watch, Of course. You stand your normal work day, and then you do preventive
maintenance. You do general quarters every now and then. Um,
so for those free time, those moments of free time that you have,
I found myself down in some of the fan rooms, um, playing my guitar
or learning guitar around the corner. They were, like, you know, made
their own rock band. I remember I set up a little TV and have this
little game console, and I played Star Wars. Um, yeah, I think I played
the whole entire game. You know what? I was down there, um, up
on the second deck. You know, there are lots of tables everywhere,
so you find people playing cards and spades, Um, in some of the lounging
areas, you know, a movie is gonna be on. Um, I found that I could
draw a lot. I go to the N w r the Morale, recreation and, um recreation
welfare office and get all of their DVDs. And I had a little
CD player, Um, DVD player and I would play movies toe to my heart's
content. Think I watched the whole entire episode of the wire and, um,
lots of other, like many TV series and stuff. So, um, a lot of other
people, they get their packets of cigarettes. I don't smoke, you
know? But they go out there to the fantail, look across the ocean,
and I have actually spent hours and hours out there not smoking, but
just looking at the waves and water. Um, I was on an aircraft carrier
to you Go up the vulture's row. You just see the ships come or I'm
sorry. The planes come in and out, in and out. Um, yeah. You find
time? Um, you're never bored. I don't think